docs(build): clarify watch behavior for configs (#21611)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/build.md

})
```

> With the `--watch` flag enabled, changes to files to be bundled will trigger a rebuild. Changes to `vite.config.*` (or config dependencies) require restarting the build command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `--watch` flag enabled, changes to files to be bundled will trigger a rebuild. Note that changes to the config and its dependencies require restarting the build command.
```
